## Investigating the possibility of recognizing the place of birth from the image of the person's face
face classification by HOG and LBP descriptors; Using Support Vector Machine, Logistic Regression and Random Forest classifiers
Extracting identity information from face images, is one of the applied fields of artificial intelligence, which in recent years, due to the growth of surveillance cameras like the widespread use of smart phones, it has received more attention then ever before. The face of the inhabitants of a city or province has common features; So that by seeing the faces of people, we could make guesses about the city of their birth.
	In this article, for the first time, the possibility of recognizing the place of birth of people from their faces has been investigated by using image processing methods and machine learning. Recognizing the place of birth from the image of that person's face, could be used in applications such as the initial classification of people in face-recognition systems to increase the accuracy of  identification, the distribution of advertisements in tourist places based on the ethnicity of tourists, and also the study of immigration as a challenge. To collect data in variety range of ages, with appropriate diversity, during the registration week of new entrants in 2019 at Yazd University,a group of 30 people gathered together  and various data collected from who applied for registration. Some pre-processing was done in order to provide appropriate data with their labels for the problem of distinguishing the city of birth from the face image. Based on the data provided, the issue of identifying the city of birth was defined with four categories: Yazd, Isfahan, Shiraz and others. In this regard, the Histogram of Oriented Gradients(HOG), Local Binary Patterns(LBP), and their combination were used, to extract features from people's faces. Then Support Vector Machine classification(SVM) Logistic Regression(LR) and Random Forest(RF) methods have been used to make models of faces and data classification.
